About The Images Used In This Game
----------------------------------

The majority of the graphics used in this title were made
exclusively by myself (Sam Hart, <hart@geekcomix.com>) and I
place under the Gnu GPL (as dictated by the COPYING file in the
root directory of this archive). These images were created
either natively in the GIMP (http://www.gimp.org/) or were hand
drawn, scanned, and manipulated via the GIMP.

Tux was originally drawn by Larry Ewing <ltlewing@isc.tamu.edu>. 
Certain images used in this game were modified from his original 
Tux images found at http://www.isc.tamu.edu/~lewing/linux/

The remainder of the images, are from a number of public domain
sources. Specifically, they are from the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service (FWS). The archives for these services were accessed
through the GIMP-Savvy web-site at

http://gimp-savvy.com/PHOTO-ARCHIVE/

Those images which were obtained from either of these US
government agencies were:

kcas1_1.gif
kcas1_2.gif
kcas1_3.gif
kcas1_4.gif
kcas2_1.gif
kcas2_2.gif
kcas2_3.gif
kcas2_4.gif
kcas3_1.gif
kcas3_2.gif
kcas3_3.gif
kcas3_4.gif

wcas1_1.gif
wcas1_2.gif
wcas1_3.gif
wcas1_4.gif
wcas2_1.gif
wcas2_2.gif
wcas2_3.gif
wcas2_4.gif
wcas3_1.gif
wcas3_2.gif
wcas3_3.gif
wcas3_4.gif

I'm pretty sure that covers everything that may potentially
cause problems... but just in case I left something out, I can
assure you that any image used in this game was freely
distributable to the best of my knowledge.

Thx.

(PS: As a reward for those of you that read these readme files,
you may notice a file called "hidden.gif" in this directory. The
image is royalty free from same places as *cas*.gif files above
are. But what's significant about it is that it's a special hidden
background level. Simply use "tuxtype --hidden" to use it as the
default background for level 4 on each difficulty level! Enjoy! ;)

